# test_upgrade_to_ruby_3_2

Three environment Lambda to filter events from `snitch-kbbltv-assets-env` and deposit successful messages to `snitch-kbbltv-assets-env`.

The same SAM stack can be used to build the CF stack for three environments. All the stacks use the same code. The existing lambdas will have `RAILS_ENV` variable set to their respective environment

You can add test events in event folder. Code is under `src/` entry point is `filter.rb`

## Deploy the application

The Serverless Application Model Command Line Interface (SAM CLI) is an extension of the AWS CLI that adds functionality for building and testing Lambda applications. It uses Docker to run your functions in an Amazon Linux environment that matches Lambda. It can also emulate your application's build environment and API.

To use the SAM CLI, you need the following tools.

* SAM CLI - [Install the SAM CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-install.html)
* Ruby - [Install Ruby 3.2](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/)
* Docker - [Install Docker community edition](https://hub.docker.com/search/?type=edition&offering=community)

To build and deploy your application for the first time, run the following in your shell:

```bash
sam build
sam deploy 
```

Optionally you can add `--config-env preproduction` or `--config-env production` To deploy the application for these environments, By default the connections will be made against the staging SNS / SQS

## Use the SAM CLI to build and test locally

Build your application with the `sam build` command.

```bash
test_upgrade_to_ruby_3_2$ sam build
```

The SAM CLI installs dependencies defined in `src/Gemfile`, creates a deployment package, and saves it in the `.aws-sam/build` folder.

Test a single function by invoking it directly with a test event. An event is a JSON document that represents the input that the function receives from the event source. Test events are included in the `events` folder in this project.

Run functions locally and invoke them with the `sam local invoke` command.

```bash
test_upgrade_to_ruby_3_2$ sam local invoke --event events/event.json
```
## Fetch, tail, and filter Lambda function logs

To simplify troubleshooting, SAM CLI has a command called `sam logs`. `sam logs` lets you fetch logs generated by your deployed Lambda function from the command line. In addition to printing the logs on the terminal, this command has several nifty features to help you quickly find the bug.

`NOTE`: This command works for all AWS Lambda functions; not just the ones you deploy using SAM.

```bash
test_upgrade_to_ruby_3_2$ sam logs --stack-name test_upgrade_to_ruby_3_2 --tail
```

You can find more information and examples about filtering Lambda function logs in the [SAM CLI Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-logging.html).

## Unit tests

Tests are defined in the `tests` folder in this project.

```bash
test_upgrade_to_ruby_3_2$ ruby tests/unit/test_handler.rb
```

## Cleanup

To delete the sample application that you created, use the AWS CLI. Assuming you used your project name for the stack name, you can run the following:

```bash
sam delete 
```

Optionally you can add `--config-env preproduction` or `--config-env production` To delete the application for these environments, By default it will act against staging

## Resources

See the [AWS SAM developer guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/what-is-sam.html) for an introduction to SAM specification, the SAM CLI, and serverless application concepts.

Next, you can use AWS Serverless Application Repository to deploy ready to use Apps that go beyond hello world samples and learn how authors developed their applications: [AWS Serverless Application Repository main page](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/serverlessrepo/)
